What we are seeing here
is all of these different
networks, all wirelessly enabled,
can now be implemented on a smart phone,
tablet platform.
And because of the multiple radios and
multiple bands that need to be
supported for making voice calls,
for instance, when you have 4G technology,
you still need to carry 3G technology.
And this is essentially
the story of the convergence of
electronics circular designs all of this
electronics and communication theory.
True the CDM is lot more complex than
TDMA, but the electronics had evolved so
that you could implement them
very efficiently on a platform.
So the upside of this for our story is
you have a platform that
very rich computational
capabilities, the microprocessor and
the digital signal processor.
Very rich connectivity capabilities.
All the different radios
that are available.
And the way you can connect
this to multiple sensors and
implement all the different
network technologies
that we have talked about so far.
And we will use one of these
platforms in a subsequent course for
your hands-on experience, so
that you can build your
own internet of things.